Update circle3Tangents documentation (#6390)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/editing_geometry_attributes.rst

- |circle3Tangents| :sup:`Add circle from 3 tangents`: Draws a circle that is
  tangential to three segments. **Note that you must activate snapping to
  segments** (See :ref:`snapping_tolerance`). Click on a segment to add a

>   tangent. If two tangents are parallel, we take the coordinates of the first 
>   click on the first parallel tangent to determine the positioning of the circle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  tangent. If two tangents are parallel, the coordinates of the click on the
  first parallel tangent are used to determine the positioning of the circle.
```
too many first ;)
